Add guide for secure gRPC (#994)
adap/flower: doc/source/ssl-enabled-connections.rst

  import flwr as fl

  # Start server
  fl.server.start_server(
      server_address="0.0.0.0:8080",
      config={"num_rounds": 4},
      certificates=(
          Path(".cache/certificates/ca.crt").read_bytes(),
          Path(".cache/certificates/server.pem").read_bytes(),
          Path(".cache/certificates/server.key").read_bytes(),
      )
  )

When setting certificates the server expects a tuple of three certificates. We are using :code:`Path` to simplify
reading those as byte strings which is the data type server expects the certificates to be passed to it.

Client
------

We are now going to show how to write a sever which uses the previously generated scripts.

.. code-block:: python

  from pathlib import Path
  import flwr as fl

  # Define client somewhere
  client = MyFlowerClient()

  # Start client
  fl.client.start_numpy_client(
      "localhost:8080",
      client=client,
      root_certificates=Path(".cache/certificates/ca.crt").read_bytes(),
  )

When setting the root_certificates the client expects the PEM-encoded root certificates as a byte string.
We are using :code:`Path` to simplify reading those as byte strings.

Conclusion
----------

> You should now have a learned how to generated self-signed certificates using the given script, start a
> SSL-enabled server and establish a secure connection with a client to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should now have learned how to generate self-signed certificates using the given script, start a
SSL-enabled server, and have a client establish a secure connection to it.
```

Additional Resources
--------------------

> These additional sources might be relevant if you would like to dive deeper into the topic of certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These additional sources might be relevant if you would like to dive deeper into the topic of certificates:
```
